updating readme file with meeting info and other details (#234)
w3c/editing: README.md

Editing Task Force
=================

> Editing Task Force is considered to be a part of [W3C WebApps Working Group](https://w3c.github.io/webappswg/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editing Task Force is a part of [W3C WebApps Working Group](https://w3c.github.io/webappswg/). 
```

> Its purpose is to gather and incubate emerging issues in the area of rich text editor development. 

Reviewer: Because I've been watching a lot Star Trek: 

```suggestion
Its mission is to gather and incubate emerging ideas as they pertain to rich text editor development. 
```

> Details can be found in the [Group Charter](https://github.com/w3c/editing/blob/gh-pages/CHARTER.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details can be found in the [Editing Task Force Charter](https://github.com/w3c/editing/blob/gh-pages/CHARTER.md). Please see also the [Web Apps Working Group Charter](https://www.w3.org/2019/05/webapps-charter.html), under which this task force operates.  
```

## Actively developed specs

* [Content Editable Disabled](https://github.com/w3c/editing/blob/gh-pages/Active%20Documents/contentEditableDisabled.html)

> * [Virtual Keyboard Policy ](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/master/VirtualKeyboardPolicy/explainer.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Virtual Keyboard Policy](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers/blob/master/VirtualKeyboardPolicy/explainer.md)
```

Reviewer: Hmm... we should make it clear that incubated document are not part of the working group. Specially, explainers are outside the scope of the charter, but we can eventually bring them over if we can get commitments from the membership.

* [Selection API](https://w3c.github.io/selection-api/)

## Graduated

> [Highlight API](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-highlight-api-1/)

Reviewer: Probably want a little note here saying what "graduated" means? Same with "backlog" below.

Author: will be fixed in the next commit.

In accordance with W3C contribution requirements, if you intend to create PRs and/or spend a significant amount of time on these discussions, you should follow [Web Apps WG contribution guidance](https://github.com/w3c/editing/blob/gh-pages/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Meetings
[Recurring Meeting Invite](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MDRhYWhjY2NjdnE0Y2RyY2l2N2oybTdnZmVfMjAyMDAzMTNUMTYwMDAwWiBnbHl1a0BtaWNyb3NvZnQuY29t&tmsrc=glyuk%40microsoft.com&scp=ALL)

### Details:
Editing TF meets remotely at 9:00AM PST, on second Friday of every month.

Currently planned dates: April 10th, 2020 | May 8th, 2020 | etc.

Meeting [agenda query](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fw3c%2Fediting%2Flabels%2FAgenda%252B&data=02%7C01%7CGrisha.Lyukshin%40microsoft.com%7C1c13e99db18e4385fa7808d7aecb5856%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C637170061429746119&sdata=%2FlrhPGBZEnldazXwcv6ZwY%2BderREvECHD6cSKeuuIUY%3D&reserved=0)

[Meeting Invite](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MDRhYWhjY2NjdnE0Y2RyY2l2N2oybTdnZmVfMjAyMDAzMTNUMTYwMDAwWiBnbHl1a0BtaWNyb3NvZnQuY29t&tmsrc=glyuk%40microsoft.com&scp=ALL)

IRC:

> [irc.w3.org](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Firc.w3.org%2F&data=02%7C01%7CGrisha.Lyukshin%40microsoft.com%7C1c13e99db18e4385fa7808d7aecb5856%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C637170061429766112&sdata=Ar3vWCkYOxfk1j3vX4wLiui%2FiTqsuzlVXi1UI8wF0lY%3D&reserved=0)

Reviewer: Kinda sucks that this link doesn't just go to https://irc.w3.org

Author: safe links...
I'll fix it in the next commit.
